🚚 move test `README.md` into the `CONTRIBUTING.md` (#460)
numpy/numtype: CONTRIBUTING.md

For more details, see <https://docs.astral.sh/ruff/>.

## Type-checking and Testing

To validate that the annotations are correct and run tests, we use several tools:
[basedpyright], [mypy], and [pytest]. All are included as development

> dependencies, and therefore automatically installed with `uv sync`.

Reviewer: I don't think we should combine the static type-checking and runtime testing topics like this. Pytest probably deserves its own section, where we can also explain where the tests can be found, what their purpose is, and how to contribute to them.

### mypy

Mypy is used for type-checking the codebase and the type-tests. It takes more effort to run it on the codebase than `basedpyright`.
This is primarily a consequence of mypy's inconsequent prioritization of the stubs bundled
with NumPy over the `numpy-stubs` within a local development environment.
To get around this, you can delete all `*.pyi` from your **local** `numpy` installation directory by running `uv tool/unstub.py`.

**General Type Checking**

To run mypy generally (excluding the main numpy dependency group):

```shell
uv run --no-editable --no-group=numpy mypy .
```

**Cache Issues**

In rare cases, the cache (`.mypy_cache` in the `numtype` root) can get corrupted,
leading to incorrect results. If CI output differs from your local output, delete
this directory.

The documentation can be found at <https://mypy.readthedocs.io/>, and issues can
be reported at <https://github.com/python/mypy>.

### pytest

Pytest runs runtime tests located in `src/*/@test`. It works out-of-the-box:

```bash
uv run pytest [OPTIONS]
```

> 

Reviewer: Maybe a link to the pytest docs could help the reader in case they want to know what the 
`[OPTIONS]` are that they can use

### mypy

> Mypy is used for type-checking and specific tests. It requires more effort to run

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Mypy is used for type-checking the codebase and the type-tests. It requires more effort to run
```

correctly because it doesn't handle editable dependencies well and needs isolation

> from the main numpy installation to recognize NumType's numpy-stubs.

Reviewer: It's a pretty long sentence now; maybe it can be split up?

> #### General Type Checking

Reviewer: It's not a bad idea to discuss the type-testing and type-checking separately; they serve different purposes after all. 
But mypy (and basedpyright) can do both using one command. So I don't see any benefit for splitting up the commands. It'll make it more complicated that it needs to be.

To run mypy generally (excluding the main numpy dependency group):

```shell
uv run --no-editable --no-group=numpy mypy .
```

#### Running Mypy Tests

The `test/mypy.py` script handles creating an isolated environment (without numpy)
for running mypy tests:

```bash
uv run test/mypy.py [OPTIONS]

> ```

Reviewer: huh?

#### Cache Issues

In rare cases, the cache (`.mypy_cache` in the `numtype` root) can get corrupted,
leading to incorrect results. If CI output differs from your local output, delete
this directory.

The documentation can be found at <https://mypy.readthedocs.io/>, and issues can
be reported at <https://github.com/python/mypy>.

### pytest

Pytest runs runtime tests located in `test/runtime`. It works out-of-the-box:

```bash
uv run pytest [OPTIONS]
```

> 

Reviewer: Ah you must've missed the latest mess I made: https://github.com/numpy/numtype/pull/458

So the `test` dir is gone, and the tests are now nested within each individual package in directories called `@test`.
